Some features can increase availability in a network:
      • Link aggregation groups (LAGs): This feature allows you to combine multiple Ethernet interfaces in to a single link
      layer interface. This feature is defined in the 802.3ad standard.
      
      • Redundant Trunk Groups (RTG): This feature provides a quick and simple failover mechanism for redundant Layer
      2 links. You can use this feature as a replacement for STP on access switches that are dual homed to multiple
      aggregation switches.
      
      • Graceful Routing Engine switchover (GRES): This feature allows system control to switch from the master RE to the
      backup RE with minimal interruption to network communications by synchronizing the kernel tables and PFE
      tables. This feature requires redundant REs or Virtual Chassis.
      
      • Nonstop active routing (NSR): This feature provides high availability in a switch with redundant REs or on a Virtual
      Chassis by enabling transparent switchover of the REs without requiring restart of supported routing protocols by
      synchronizing the rpd process and routing information.
      
      • Nonstop Bridging (NSB): This feature provides high availability in a switch with redundant REs or on a Virtual
      Chassis by enabling transparent switchover of the REs without requiring restart of supported Layer 2 protocols by
      synchronizing the RE process and switching information.
      
A number of hardware requirements and considerations exist when working with link aggregation. The following list highlights these details:
• Duplex and speed settings must match on both participating devices.
• Up to eight member links can belong to a single LAG.
• Member links are not required to be contiguous ports and can reside on different members within a Virtual Chassis system.
Note that LACP exchanges protocol data units (PDUs) across all member links to ensure each physical interfaces is configured and functioning properly.


Create LAG:
lab@vMX-1# show chassis                            
aggregated-devices {
    ethernet {
        device-count 3;
    }
}
[edit]
lab@vMX-1# run show interfaces terse | match ae    
ae0                     up    down
ae1                     up    down
ae2                     up    down



